ham	Ok lar... Joking wif u oni...
ham	U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
spam	FreeMsg Hey there darling it's been 3 week's now and no word back! I'd like some fun you up for it still? Tb ok! XxX std chgs to send, £1.50 to rcv
ham	Even my brother is not like to speak with me. They treat me like aids patent.
ham	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	Oh k...i'm watching here:)
spam	England v Macedonia - dont miss the goals/team news. Txt ur national team to 87077 eg ENGLAND to 87077 Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/ú1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
ham	Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
ham	Lol your always so convincing.
ham	Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg ü again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
ham	I see the letter B on my car
ham	WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
ham	Fair enough, anything going on?
ham	U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
ham	What you thinked about me. First time you saw me in class.
ham	K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
ham	Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
ham	Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
ham	Yeah do! Don‘t stand to close tho- you‘ll catch something!
spam	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
spam	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password "MIX" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML, PO Box 5249, MK17 92H. 450Ppw 16
ham	Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
ham	Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
ham	here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
ham	Good stuff, will do.
ham	Are you there in room.
ham	I'm home.
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
spam	FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, sexy, female and live local. Luv to hear from u. Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
ham	Ok... Ur typical reply...
ham	You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
ham	Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?
spam	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
ham	I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
ham	Hmmm.. Thk sure got time to hop ard... Ya, can go 4 free abt... Muz call u to discuss liao... 
ham	Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham	Lol no. U can trust me.
ham	Going on nothing great.bye
ham	I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
ham	Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
ham	There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop..
ham	Would really appreciate if you call me. Just need someone to talk to.
ham	Hey company elama po mudyadhu.
ham	Dear good morning now only i am up
ham	Sorry battery died, yeah I'm here
ham	Where are you?when wil you reach here?
spam	U 447801259231 have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094597
ham	PLEASSSSSSSEEEEEE TEL ME V AVENT DONE SPORTSx
ham	U don't remember that old commercial?
ham	It didnt work again oh. Ok goodnight then. I.ll fix and have it ready by the time you wake up. You are very dearly missed have a good night sleep.
ham	What you doing?how are you?
ham	Ups which is 3days also, and the shipping company that takes 2wks. The other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff.
spam	Hey I am really horny want to chat or see me naked text hot to 69698 text charged at 150pm to unsubscribe text stop 69698
ham	Why you Dint come with us.
spam	Ur ringtone service has changed! 25 Free credits! Go to club4mobiles.com to choose content now! Stop? txt CLUB STOP to 87070. 150p/wk Club4 PO Box1146 MK45 2WT
spam	Ringtone Club: Get the UK singles chart on your mobile each week and choose any top quality ringtone! This message is free of charge.
ham	Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
ham	Just sent it. So what type of food do you like?
ham	Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down
ham	Dear,shall mail tonite.busy in the street,shall update you tonite.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense.
ham	Hey you told your name to gautham ah?
ham	Oops. 4 got that bit.
ham	Lol yes. Our friendship is hanging on a thread cause u won't buy stuff.
ham	K.k:)advance happy pongal.
ham	Not really dude, have no friends i'm afraid :(
ham	That would be great. We'll be at the Guild. Could meet on Bristol road or somewhere - will get in touch over weekend. Our plans take flight! Have a good week
ham	Hi da:)how is the todays class?
ham	I'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women
ham	Just sleeping..and surfing
ham	Where u been hiding stranger?
ham	My sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
ham	Dis is yijue. I jus saw ur mail. In case huiming havent sent u my num. Dis is my num.
spam	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham	I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday.
ham	Hello! Just got here, st andrews-boy its a long way! Its cold. I will keep you posted
ham	Ha ha cool cool chikku chikku:-):-DB-)
spam	Thanks for your Ringtone Order, Reference T91. You will be charged GBP 4 per week. You can unsubscribe at anytime by calling customer services on 09057039994
ham	Can you say what happen
ham	Hey leave it. not a big deal:-) take care.
ham	It took Mr owl 3 licks
ham	Was actually sleeping and still might when u call back. So a text is gr8. You rock sis. Will send u a text wen i wake.
ham	You are always putting your business out there. You put pictures of your ass on facebook. You are one of the most open people i've ever met. Why would i think a picture of your room would hurt you, make you feel violated.
ham	Hmmm...k...but i want to change the field quickly da:-)i wanna get system administrator or network administrator..
ham	Yep, the great loxahatchee xmas tree burning of  &lt;#&gt;  starts in an hour
ham	Headin towards busetop
ham	Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Miss
