ham	Go until jurong point, crazy.. Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... Cine there got amore wat...
ham	Nah I don't think he goes to usf, he lives around here though
spam	WINNER!! As a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea £900 prize reward! To claim call 09061701461. Claim code KL341. Valid 12 hours only.
spam	SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info
ham	I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
ham	Is that seriously how you spell his name?
ham	So ü pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
ham	Ffffffffff. Alright no way I can meet up with you sooner?
ham	Did you catch the bus ? Are you frying an egg ? Did you make a tea? Are you eating your mom's left over dinner ? Do you feel my Love ?
ham	I'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room
ham	K tell me anything about you.
spam	Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged £5/month Please confirm by replying YES or NO. If you reply NO you will not be charged
ham	Didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
spam	SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
ham	Do you know what Mallika Sherawat did yesterday? Find out now @  &lt;URL&gt;
ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
ham	Tell where you reached
spam	As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a £1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066364589
ham	Today is "song dedicated day.." Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...
ham	K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
ham	U can call me now...
ham	I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
ham	Does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
ham	K. Did you call me just now ah? 
ham	You will be in the place of that man
ham	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
ham	I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
ham	Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
ham	I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
ham	He is there. You call and meet him
ham	I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
ham	Yes see ya not on the dot
ham	Sindu got job in birla soft ..
ham	The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
ham	Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
ham	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
spam	BangBabes Ur order is on the way. U SHOULD receive a Service Msg 2 download UR content. If U do not, GoTo wap. bangb. tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a £900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701939. Claim code S89. Valid 12hrs only
ham	Hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?
ham	Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
ham	Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address.
ham	Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
ham	You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a gr8 weekend
ham	He will, you guys close?
spam	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
ham	I jus reached home. I go bathe first. But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
ham	Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
ham	Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham	Did u got that persons story
ham	is your hamster dead? Hey so tmr i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt? 
ham	Hi its Kate how is your evening? I hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! Txt back if u can. :) xxx
ham	I sent you  &lt;#&gt;  bucks
ham	Ü say until like dat i dun buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
ham	Aight yo, dats straight dogg
ham	Tired. I haven't slept well the past few nights.
ham	Ok no prob. Take ur time.
spam	500 New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today!From ONLY £1 www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18
ham	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
ham	Okay. No no, just shining on. That was meant to be signing, but that sounds better.
ham	Although i told u dat i'm into baig face watches now but i really like e watch u gave cos it's fr u. Thanx 4 everything dat u've done today, i'm touched...
ham	Kallis wont bat in 2nd innings.
ham	I'm back, lemme know when you're ready
ham	Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now headin out
ham	Where are you lover ? I need you ...
ham	Yup
ham	Same. Wana plan a trip sometme then
spam	HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
ham	Thanx...
ham	Awesome, I'll see you in a bit
ham	All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
ham	Ok. I asked for money how far
ham	Okie...
ham	K, I might come by tonight then if my class lets out early
ham	hi baby im cruisin with my girl friend what r u up 2? give me a call in and hour at home if thats alright or fone me on this fone now love jenny xxx
ham	Are you this much buzy
ham	Unless it's a situation where YOU GO GURL would be more appropriate
ham	He is a womdarfull actor
ham	Jos ask if u wana meet up?
spam	TheMob> Check out our newest selection of content, Games, Tones, Gossip, babes and sport, Keep your mobile fit and funky text WAP to 82468
ham	Where are the garage keys? They aren't on the bookshelf
spam	Think ur smart ? Win £200 this week in our weekly quiz, text PLAY to 85222 now!T&Cs WinnersClub PO BOX 84, M26 3UZ. 16+. GBP1.50/week
ham	Hi the way I was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. UR unique&I hope I know u 4 the rest of mylife. Hope u find wot was lost.
ham	Coffee cake, i guess...
ham	Cool, text me when you're parked
ham	Ta-Daaaaa! I am home babe, are you still up ?
ham	Cool. So how come you havent been wined and dined before?
ham	Ok that's great thanx a lot.
ham	Am not interested to do like that.
ham	Gudnite....tc...practice going on
ham	One small prestige problem now.
ham	If you're not in my car in an hour and a half I'm going apeshit
ham	TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD
ham	Yo you guys ever figure out how much we need for alcohol? Jay and I are trying to figure out how much we can safely spend on weed
ham	Wat uniform? In where get?
ham	Hello my boytoy ... Geeee I miss you already and I just woke up. I wish you were here in bed with me, cuddling me. I love you ...
ham	I will spoil you in bed as well :)
ham	You could have seen me..i did't recognise you Face.:)
ham	I guess that's why you re worried. You must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. And i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. We'll take it slow. First the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. Nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up.
ham	Hey i will be late ah... Meet you at 945+
spam	Double mins and txts 4 6months FREE Bluetooth on Orange. Available on Sony, Nokia Motorola phones. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/N9DX
ham	Huh so late... Fr dinner?
ham	Hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only? Or the kickboxing too? 
ham	Morning only i can ok.
ham	Pick you up bout 7.30ish? What time are  and that going?
ham	From here after The performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
ham	Good evening Sir, Al Salam Wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.By the grace of God, i got an offer from Tayseer,TISSCO and i joined.Hope you are fine.Inshah Allah,meet you sometime.Rakhesh,visitor from India.
ham	Haha get used to driving to usf man, I know a lot of stoners
